I started this summer working with an independent adjuster that did my house
actually.
I've done some ride-alongs with him and I've actually done probably about 45
estimates.
I wanted to streamline and try to get faster at what I'm doing, get the speed
down with the quality
and man FTD honestly it streamlines everything into a package that is follow
able I guess you
could say and I've really enjoyed that part of it. My biggest thing was
labeling photos. I absolutely
hated it. I wasn't doing it right and I would get feedback from the the
carriers that it just
took me forever and what you have shown me is night and day. I mean it's it's
so much easier and
I'm glad I took the class just just for that aspect alone was enough for me but
there's been a lot
a lot more that I've learned. Having the access to everything that you put out
there is awesome.
I mean there's I'm working on a claim right now and I've gone back to a couple
videos that you've
done to and it answered exactly what I needed to be doing so it's really
definitely helped
a bunch. I'm a very organized person. I have to have things in order and this
this has been right
in line with what I enjoy and how I learn so yes definitely by far it's well
worth the money.